added note about the name being an identifier (#26920)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes.md

The name of a Node object must be a valid
[DNS subdomain name](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#dns-subdomain-names).

{{< note >}}
The [name](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names) identifies a Node. Two Nodes
cannot have the same name at the same time. Kubernetes also assumes that a resource with the same
name is the same object. In case of a Node, it is implicitly assumed that an instance using the
same name will have the same state (e.g. network settings, root disk contents). This may lead to

> inconsistencies if instance was altered without the change of a name or deleting and re-creating the

Reviewer: maybe
```suggestion
inconsistencies if you modify an instance without changing its name. If you want to replace a node, you should
make sure to remove the existing
```

The name of a Node object must be a valid
[DNS subdomain name](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#dns-subdomain-names).

{{< note >}}
The [name](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#names) identifies a Node. Two Nodes
cannot have the same name at the same time. Kubernetes also assumes that a resource with the same
name is the same object. In case of a Node, it is implicitly assumed that an instance using the
same name will have the same state (e.g. network settings, root disk contents). This may lead to
inconsistencies if you modify an instance without changing its name. If you want to replace a node, you should
make sure to remove the existing
Node object from API server.

> {{< /note >}}

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if this should be a note under Nodes. I think is it's a subtopic under https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#names titled "Name uniqueness". 

What do you think, @SergeyKanzhelev?

Author: goot suggestion! Done
